Update docs (#169)
k-orc/openstack-resource-controller: website/docs/design-decisions.md

# Design decisions

## API

In order to fully manage dependencies, ORC only ever references other ORC
objects. ORC does not directly reference OpenStack objects in *spec*. However,
when reporting status it directly reports what OpenStack returned, including
direct references to OpenStack objects by UUID.

ORC does not map OpenStack API 1 to 1. We're taking some liberties when
implementing the API:

- we reserve the right to rename some fields (for instance, ports `Fixed IPs`
  changed to `IP Addresses`)
- there should be one and only one way of creating any resource in ORC

## ORC favors deterministic behavior

OpenStack sometimes exhibits non-deterministic behavior. A typical example
would be the creation of a port on a network that has multiple subnets: when
not specifying which subnet to use, OpenStack will pick one for you. ORC tries
to limit this behavior, and in this particular example, does not create IP
addresses for ports unless the user specifies some in the port's spec.

> These behaviours should be documented in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These behaviours should be documented in the API's Godoc.
```
